this is strictly in 60 seconds where we
cram a week's worth of strictly into
just one minute
week 12 for couples three semi-final
places two dances and one new judge Ali
and Brian were first up their tango
failed to tantalize but they spiced up
their Samba team colas waltz had the
judges clashing with each other
whilst their Samba had judges clashing
with the audience later and Anton failed
to impress with their American smooth
and their salsa was a letdown deflated
balloon would have had more rhythm in
toes Ricky Natalie's fancy footwork
formed a fantastic Foxtrot and with
their amazing cha-cha-cha propel them to
the top of the judges leaderboard but it
wasn't enough to keep them out of the
dance-off with Layla and Anton look away
now
if you don't want to know who left Ricky
and it was Leila and Anton who ended
their strictly dreams with only three
couples left for next week's semi-final
make sure you don't miss it